Added a reference to dvc cache dir in shared-development-server page (#1316)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/cache/dir.md

## Synopsis

````usage
usage: dvc cache dir [-h] [--global] [--system] [--local] [-u] value

positional arguments:
  value        Path to cache directory. Relative paths are resolved
               relative to the current directory and saved to config# cache dir

Set/unset the <abbr>cache</abbr> directory location intuitively (compared to
using `dvc config cache`).

## Synopsis

```usage

> usage: dvc cache dir [-h] [--global] [--system] [--local] [-u] value

Reviewer: This looks like an error. The code block should only have 3 back quotes, not nested, and the cmd definition as well as "Synopsis" H2 header are repeated. Please revert.

[cache directory](/doc/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories#structure-of-cache-directory).)
Unlike doing so with `dvc config cache`, this command transform paths (`value`)
that are provided relative to the current working directory into paths
**relative to the config file location** of your own project. They are required

> in the latter form for the config file.

Reviewer: Hmmm this is redundant. The config file is part of the project. The note in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/issues/986#issuecomment-586541617 suggests to clarify that absolute paths are preserved (with better language).

> **relative to the config file location**. However, if the `value` provided is an
> absolute path, then the path to the cache directory is preserved as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**relative to the config file location**. However, if the `value` provided is an
absolute path, then it's preserved as is.
```

## Example: Using relative path

```dvc
$ dvc cache dir ../dir $ cat .dvc/config
...

> [cache] dir = ../../dir

Reviewer: Wrong changes 😕

## Example: Using relative path

```dvc
$ dvc cache dir ../dir $ cat .dvc/config
...
[cache] dir = ../../dir
...
```

`../dir` has been resolved relative to the `.dvc/` dir, resulting in
`../../dir`.

Thecommand `dvc cache dir` resolves your relative paths so that they work with
the location of the config file in your project.

## Example: Using absolute path

> ```dvc

Reviewer: Again here. I don't know what's going on. The code block isn't properly closed. Please run the web app locally to see how this would look like. (The instructions are in the docs contrib guide.)

Reviewer: Wait never mind this part is OK I was confused... I meant a different section, let me delete this comment and make it again in the right place.

$ dvc cache dir /path/to/dir
$ cat .dvc/config
...
[cache]
    dir = /path/to/dir
...
```

Absolute path `/path/to/dir` saved as is.

As compared to the `dvc config cache.dir` command, this is a higher level
command which is specific to a set of use cases. To know more about usage of
`dvc config cache` refer to the [cache](/doc/command-reference/config#cache)
section in the `config` docs.

               relative to the config file location.

````

## Description

Helper to set the `cache.dir` configuration option. (See [cache
directory](/doc/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories#structure-of-cache-directory).)

> Unlike doing so with `dvc config cache`, this command transform paths (`value`)

Reviewer: Again here. I don't know what's going on. The code block isn't properly closed. Please run the web app locally to see how this would look like. (The instructions are in the docs contrib guide.) Thanks

Author: I'll get to this error.

`../dir` has been resolved relative to the `.dvc/` dir, resulting in
`../../dir`.

The command `dvc cache dir` resolves your relative paths so that they work with
the location of the config file in your project.

> 

Reviewer: No need for this, it's been explained in the description as mentioned in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1316#pullrequestreview-416473218. Please revert

...
```

As compared to the `dvc config cache.dir` command, this is a higher level
command which is specific to a set of use cases. To know more about usage of
`dvc config cache` refer to the [cache](/doc/command-reference/config#cache)

> section in the `config` docs.

Reviewer: Ok, this paragraph is correct but not needed in this example (this difference is already explained in the description), please revert and see my comments above. Thanks
